Minor spelling fixes & re-arranging of some text (#887)
cuttle-cards/cuttle: docs/setup-development.md

```
npm run e2e:server
```

**NOTE** you should run `npm run build` (see above) before this command so that the server (backend) serves the most up-to-date version of the client.

#### Testing Playground

Cuttle has a separate folder of tests that are not intended to be run during CI or for normal development. These tests are used for various tasks and such as creating promotional videos of various moves in the game, or tinkering with repeatedly running test commands to check for flakiness.

The tests reside in `tests/e2e/playground/specs`. These test files do not appear when running the tests or opening cypress normally.

To see the playground tests in the cypress UI, run `npm run e2e:gui:playground`.

To run the playground tests headlessly, first build the client with `npm run build` then run `npm run e2e:server:playground`.

#### Debugging Backend Server

You can utilize the node debugger in [VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/) to debug the backend server.

To do so, you must first start the backend server:

```
npm run start:server
```

> Then, open the command pallate by hitting `F1`, and then type and select `Debug: Attach to node process` to select the process you want to watch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, open the command palette by hitting `F1`, and then type and select `Debug: Attach to node process` to select the process you want to watch. Choose the process labeled `node app.js` as this is the sailsjs server process.
```
